docs/Overview.md, before:

# Overview

Welcome to the Klipper documentation. If new to Klipper, start with
the [features](Features.md) and [installation](Installation.md)
documents.

## Overview information

- [Features](Features.md): A high-level list of features in Klipper.
- [FAQ](FAQ.md): Frequently asked questions.
- [Releases](Releases.md): The history of Klipper releases.
- [Config changes](Config_Changes.md): Recent software changes that
may require users to update their printer config file.
- [Contact](Contact.md): Information on bug reporting and general
communication with the Klipper developers.

## Installation and Configuration

- [Installation](Installation.md): Guide to installing Klipper.
- [Config Reference](Config_Reference.md): Description of config
  parameters.
  - [Rotation Distance](Rotation_Distance.md): Calculating the
    rotation_distance stepper parameter.
- [Config checks](Config_checks.md): Verify basic pin settings in the
  config file.
- [Bed level](Bed_Level.md): Information on "bed leveling" in Klipper.
  - [Delta calibrate](Delta_Calibrate.md): Calibration of delta
    kinematics.
  - [Probe calibrate](Probe_Calibrate.md): Calibration of automatic Z
    probes.
  - [BL-Touch](BLTouch.md): Configure a "BL-Touch" Z probe.
  - [Manual level](Manual_Level.md): Calibration of Z endstops (and
    similar).
  - [Bed Mesh](Bed_Mesh.md): Bed height correction based on XY
    locations.
  - [Endstop phase](Endstop_Phase.md): Stepper assisted Z endstop
    positioning.
- [Resonance compensation](Resonance_Compensation.md): A tool to
  reduce ringing in prints.
  - [Measuring resonances](Measuring_Resonances.md): Information on
    using adxl345 accelerometer hardware to measure resonance.
- [Pressure advance](Pressure_Advance.md): Calibrate extruder
  pressure.
- [G-Codes](G-Codes.md): Information on commands supported by Klipper.
- [Command Templates](Command_Templates.md): G-Code macros and
  conditional evaluation.
  - [Status Reference](Status_Reference.md): Information available to
    macros (and similar).
- [TMC Drivers](TMC_Drivers.md): Using Trinamic stepper motor drivers
  with Klipper.
- [Multi-MCU Homing](Multi_MCU_Homing.md): Homing and probing using multiple micro-controllers.
- [Slicers](Slicers.md): Configure "slicer" software for Klipper.
- [Skew correction](Skew_Correction.md): Adjustments for axes not
  perfectly square.
- [PWM tools](Using_PWM_Tools.md): Guide on how to use PWM controlled
  tools such as lasers or spindles.

## Developer Documentation

- [Code overview](Code_Overview.md): Developers should read this
  first.
- [Kinematics](Kinematics.md): Technical details on how Klipper
  implements motion.
- [Protocol](Protocol.md): Information on the low-level messaging
  protocol between host and micro-controller.
- [API Server](API_Server.md): Information on Klipper's command and
  control API.
- [MCU commands](MCU_Commands.md): A description of low-level commands
  implemented in the micro-controller software.
- [CAN bus protocol](CANBUS_protocol.md): Klipper CAN bus message
  format.
- [Debugging](Debugging.md): Information on how to test and debug
  Klipper.
- [Benchmarks](Benchmarks.md): Information on the Klipper benchmark
  method.
- [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md): Information on how to submit
  improvements to Klipper.
- [Packaging](Packaging.md): Information on building OS packages.

## Device Specific Documents

- [Example configs](Example_Configs.md): Information on adding an
  example config file to Klipper.
- [SDCard Updates](SDCard_Updates.md): Flash a micro-controller by
  copying a binary to an sdcard in the micro-controller.
- [Raspberry Pi as Micro-controller](RPi_microcontroller.md): Details
  for controlling devices wired to the GPIO pins of a Raspberry Pi.
- [Beaglebone](Beaglebone.md): Details for running Klipper on the
  Beaglebone PRU.
- [Bootloaders](Bootloaders.md): Developer information on
  micro-controller flashing.
- [CAN bus](CANBUS.md): Information on using CAN bus with Klipper.
- [TSL1401CL filament width sensor](TSL1401CL_Filament_Width_Sensor.md)
- [Hall filament width sensor](Hall_Filament_Width_Sensor.md)

Commit message:

docs: add exclude_object documentation
Also include sample macros to add M486 compatibility.

Signed-off-by: Franklyn Tackitt <git@frank.af>
Co-authored-by: Troy Jacobson <troy.d.jacobson@gmail.com>

docs/Overview.md, after:

# Overview

Welcome to the Klipper documentation. If new to Klipper, start with
the [features](Features.md) and [installation](Installation.md)
documents.

## Overview information

- [Features](Features.md): A high-level list of features in Klipper.
- [FAQ](FAQ.md): Frequently asked questions.
- [Releases](Releases.md): The history of Klipper releases.
- [Config changes](Config_Changes.md): Recent software changes that
may require users to update their printer config file.
- [Contact](Contact.md): Information on bug reporting and general
communication with the Klipper developers.

## Installation and Configuration

- [Installation](Installation.md): Guide to installing Klipper.
- [Config Reference](Config_Reference.md): Description of config
  parameters.
  - [Rotation Distance](Rotation_Distance.md): Calculating the
    rotation_distance stepper parameter.
- [Config checks](Config_checks.md): Verify basic pin settings in the
  config file.
- [Bed level](Bed_Level.md): Information on "bed leveling" in Klipper.
  - [Delta calibrate](Delta_Calibrate.md): Calibration of delta
    kinematics.
  - [Probe calibrate](Probe_Calibrate.md): Calibration of automatic Z
    probes.
  - [BL-Touch](BLTouch.md): Configure a "BL-Touch" Z probe.
  - [Manual level](Manual_Level.md): Calibration of Z endstops (and
    similar).
  - [Bed Mesh](Bed_Mesh.md): Bed height correction based on XY
    locations.
  - [Endstop phase](Endstop_Phase.md): Stepper assisted Z endstop
    positioning.
- [Resonance compensation](Resonance_Compensation.md): A tool to
  reduce ringing in prints.
  - [Measuring resonances](Measuring_Resonances.md): Information on
    using adxl345 accelerometer hardware to measure resonance.
- [Pressure advance](Pressure_Advance.md): Calibrate extruder
  pressure.
- [G-Codes](G-Codes.md): Information on commands supported by Klipper.
- [Command Templates](Command_Templates.md): G-Code macros and
  conditional evaluation.
  - [Status Reference](Status_Reference.md): Information available to
    macros (and similar).
- [TMC Drivers](TMC_Drivers.md): Using Trinamic stepper motor drivers
  with Klipper.
- [Multi-MCU Homing](Multi_MCU_Homing.md): Homing and probing using multiple micro-controllers.
- [Slicers](Slicers.md): Configure "slicer" software for Klipper.
- [Skew correction](Skew_Correction.md): Adjustments for axes not
  perfectly square.
- [PWM tools](Using_PWM_Tools.md): Guide on how to use PWM controlled
  tools such as lasers or spindles.
- [Exclude Object](Exclude_Object.md): The guide to the Exclude Objecs
  implementation.

## Developer Documentation

- [Code overview](Code_Overview.md): Developers should read this
  first.
- [Kinematics](Kinematics.md): Technical details on how Klipper
  implements motion.
- [Protocol](Protocol.md): Information on the low-level messaging
  protocol between host and micro-controller.
- [API Server](API_Server.md): Information on Klipper's command and
  control API.
- [MCU commands](MCU_Commands.md): A description of low-level commands
  implemented in the micro-controller software.
- [CAN bus protocol](CANBUS_protocol.md): Klipper CAN bus message
  format.
- [Debugging](Debugging.md): Information on how to test and debug
  Klipper.
- [Benchmarks](Benchmarks.md): Information on the Klipper benchmark
  method.
- [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md): Information on how to submit
  improvements to Klipper.
- [Packaging](Packaging.md): Information on building OS packages.

## Device Specific Documents

- [Example configs](Example_Configs.md): Information on adding an
  example config file to Klipper.
- [SDCard Updates](SDCard_Updates.md): Flash a micro-controller by
  copying a binary to an sdcard in the micro-controller.
- [Raspberry Pi as Micro-controller](RPi_microcontroller.md): Details
  for controlling devices wired to the GPIO pins of a Raspberry Pi.
- [Beaglebone](Beaglebone.md): Details for running Klipper on the
  Beaglebone PRU.
- [Bootloaders](Bootloaders.md): Developer information on
  micro-controller flashing.
- [CAN bus](CANBUS.md): Information on using CAN bus with Klipper.
- [TSL1401CL filament width sensor](TSL1401CL_Filament_Width_Sensor.md)
- [Hall filament width sensor](Hall_Filament_Width_Sensor.md)
